and welcome back to a fresh episode of
the business growth show i'm excited to
be joined by
lisa tear today lisa is a digital
marketing tech and toothpaste
entrepreneur she's founder of kodi
agency a digital marketing company based
in melbourne in australia
she's co-founder over at lisnik a new
tech platform that connects
mentees and mentors globally and she's
founder of 101
lifestyle lisa a really warm welcome how
you doing
i'm amazing thank you so much for having
me sam it's uh
late in here in melbourne so i do
apologize the lights sort of fading but
i'm like desperately holding on to the
natural light to try and look young but
thank you so much for having me
no worries no worries at all so lisa
looking forward to it today and we're
jumping into a fresh topic for the show
we're talking about clubhouse um and
hopefully it's gonna be just as valuable
for myself
as well as everyone tuning in mainly
because i haven't even used it yet so
i'm gonna be super curious in some of
the questions and quizzes that i'm going
to be asking you
um but really we're going to be diving
into if it's actually a useful tool for
growth
or if it's a complete time sink
and and just something that's going to
suck up all your time could give you a
lot of knowledge but is it really
something that's going to drive revenue
that's what we're going to be diving
into
um so first and foremost i'd love to get
your opinion lisa is is clubhouse really
for business professionals or is it
is it just just something a bit of a fad
what do you think
oh that's a good question so i've been
on clubhouse
i i got access to the platform on the
10th of january so
actually just to take a step back if
people don't know what clubhouse is
it is the latest social media
fad i would say or who knows it could be
a platform that's here to stay
but it's an audio only app and what you
do is you can
sign up it's actually in beta testing at
the moment so
it's only on iphone and they've got
plans to release an android version so
they're working on that at the moment
but it's invite only so you can only
join if you have an invite
or someone that you know so if you're in
the phone book of somebody that has
signed up they can bump you up
into the actual app so you don't have to
be on the waitlist
so what you do is you go on to the
platform i'm actually i could probably
even just go into my clubhouse now
and i'll just quickly i don't know if
it's going to work on the screen but
this is going to work this could be like
a massive fail no it's not going to work
oh my god my life just logged onto the
flat house
this is the fail uh oh there we go here
we go okay
so see as you can see this is what you
call the hallway in clubhouse so
you can oh my god sorry i couldn't log
into a room so i'm trying to
focus my camera properly but this is
what you call the hallway so these are
different rooms that are happening in
clubhouse at the moment
so you can jump into the room and listen
to these different people talk
so you just go and you listen to audio
so people like
elon musk have been on the app people
like
joe rogan chris boss kanye
brad pitt was on there the other day
talking about climate change so it's
pretty interesting so you can get a
chance to talk and
talk to the world's best or the people
like you know creatives or um
entrepreneurs and then you can sit there
and actually just listen to them in
rooms as well so that's broadly what the
app is
so to answer your question is it a big
waste of time or is it good for lead
generation
i personally think it's closest to
almost
linkedin perspective so
it's it's uh i've definitely seen a lot
of people use it to establish thought
leadership
and from what i've heard of the apple a
lot of people are getting a lot of
business through it because they're
hosting rooms to talk about linkedin
they're talking about digital marketing
or you know business
you know getting investment and people
are actually on there
investing in businesses or getting help
with their marketing and then contacting
people afterwards so
uh from that perspective i definitely
have seen a lot of people
just talk about the revenue generation
from clubhouse so
i do feel like there's a lot of
opportunity there
but you have to put in so much time
okay so some interesting points straight
off the bat
so i i like the point you raised it's
it's a little bit like linkedin
in the sense that it's it's about
building your thought leadership
um and ultimately just like linkedin it
sounds like
no one's gonna buy off you straight away
usually
it takes it takes that trust element so
typically if you're on linkedin
you've got a from my experience anyway
you've got to be posting for some time
about your specialist sector
so ours is digital marketing someone
else's might be crm someone else's might
be software as a service
so um i so i jumped under clubhouse
probably about
a couple of weeks ago but i actually
started
start of jan so i have been lurking on
clubhouse for quite a while so
to be honest with you i never actually
knew whether it was going to be any good
or not i jumped into a couple of rooms
they weren't that good and i just
thought oh
i'm probably not going to get much value
from this app and then the other day or
actually last week i thought you know
what
like and i'm very much an all or nothing
personality i just thought
i'm just going to give it a go so i
ended up just jumping
straight in and hosting a room the next
day so i just thought look i might as
well just go all in
and see what's happening so i jumped on
hosted a room
so that i actually scheduled a rainbow
clubhouse and then
i did a random room that night
so um yeah so
in terms of scheduling versus i'm gonna
just talk a little bit about
i guess the different nuances or
different tips so in terms of scheduling
versus um
uh just creating a room when you feel
like it scheduling is
definitely stronger because it gives
your following your audience
time to schedule in and make some time
to attend your room
it also gets you a couple of followers
as well as people are searching through
their calendar
so definitely it's worth scheduling
rooms in advance if you can
and the goal is to have some regular
room scheduled
so that you then keep post uh
you can then build that following sorry
i was talking about clubhouse because i
don't know
no no thanks very much that's the first
time that's happened actually my
computer decided to restart itself
but what we'll do is we'll luckily we'll
we're on live but we'll cut this out
when we do the
the produced um podcast and youtube
episode and stuff so that's all good
um i was just boring people by talking
about clubhouse no i appreciate it i
appreciate you carrying things on and
glad it carried on recording so
until until i froze and my pc reboot
itself i just got to the stage where i
think i was rambling on saying that link
you so we you give the reference to
linkedin we said it's about
building credibility over time talking
about things talking about your sector
so people people over time will build
trust that you're the go-to expert in
your industry whatever that industry may
be whatever that sector is
um so i guess it's got two main elements
really so you can drop in
and it sounds like you can listen to
anyone in the world including
celebrities whether that's elon musk
whoever that may be
or on the flip side you can start
hosting rooms yourself right
so and how how how can we kind of go
about that is that something we can just
jump straight into or is that something
we've we've got to think about
is is it something that takes a lot of
prep or is it is it quite easy
oh that's actually a very good question
so you can start a room straight away
so when you join clubhouse when you get
onto the app
your little profile will have like a
little party popper thing and that means
you've been on the app for
under seven days so that's a really good
indication for people who are running
rooms to go okay this is a new person
so they can help and explain the concept
so
generally when you are in clubhouse you
can host
rooms so you can be a moderator of a
room and you don't have to moderate on
your own you get other moderators
so when you're when you start a room
you'll have a little green circle with a
white
star in it and that means you're one of
the mods of the room or moderator of the
room
so i was actually just talking about
scheduling rooms versus just randomly
starting a room
so you and i could randomly just start a
room now and we could just jump in there
and start talking
or you could actually schedule a room so
what you can do
is actually go okay tomorrow at 8 am i'm
going to schedule
a room about linkedin and you can do
that weekly or you can just do it as a
once-off
so the benefit of filling a room is that
you
you alert your followers that hey you're
about to do a room
so the good thing is they can jump in or
they can you know put that time their
calendar and jump in
and you generally will appear up in a
little calendar at the top so you start
to get followers
so that's a really good way of actually
getting a little bit of traction
um on clubhouse if you're hosting a room
so if you schedule it versus just
randomly going hey i'm just going to
start a room now
sure okay so you've got that chance to
actually promote what you're doing in
advance
so you can drive up the engagement and
get people to sign up and
kind of buy into what you're doing that
makes sense so
i mean in terms of the the kind of
commitment is it something that you
think we need to do every day
so can we do one a week or one a month
is there is there kind of consistent
schedule you think we should try and
stick to
if we want to build up this authority
over time and kind of play the linkedin
long-term game with it
yeah look the hard thing about clubhouse
i'll be transparent
it really requires a hell of a lot of
face time
so people host rooms for six hours for
example like that
the longest clubhouse room has i think
gone for 21 days straight
so it's it's a lot of face time so i
pretty much spend my whole weekend
on clubhouse and i wasn't even hosting
rooms i was just jumping into rooms
i'm getting up on stage on stage um so
to speak and then talking
so i was on clubhouse at the butcher at
the nail salon
at the supermarket walking my dog i'd
just be raising my hand
going up on stage and giving my two
cents one particular topic so
you don't have to host a room every day
it's a massive commitment if you want to
of course you're going to grow faster
but you can always jump into rooms and
offer your two cents or offer your
expert opinion or even just ask
questions
but if you want to grow on the app then
and someone actually had this really
great way of i think it was like a great
quote it's like uh
closed mouths don't get fed so it's like
if you you sit there
and you are just silent you're never
going to grow so it's one of those
things where you really need to
raise your hand jump up on stage and
either ask a great question
or give some sort of thought leadership
answer to help
establish your credibility as an expert
awesome
and i guess that links back to to
linkedin i mean i don't want to refer to
it too much
but in terms of when you engage in co in
posts on the feed
um so rather than just staying static
and just scrolling through what's going
on if you start
giving your two cents giving your
opinion or sharing something useful
in the comments of different posts then
other people are going to see you they
might click onto your profile
and then eventually they might reach out
to you for help is it a similar kind of
thing with clubhouse apart from the fact
you're raising your hand and then you're
giving your
your thoughts on a topic yes so the
interesting
thing about clubhouse is that you can't
dm people or clubhouse
so you have to leave your instagram and
you have to link your twitter at the
moment they don't have a linkedin
integration so a lot of people don't
have
either platform so if you're wanting to
go on a clubhouse and use it as lead
generation i would 100
set up an instagram or a twitter so
people can dm you and you can even just
put in
just using this instagram for clubhouse
dms and then people can just dm you that
way
otherwise if they have to then go and
search and find your linkedin
it sort of breaks that that sort of not
sales cycle but it breaks that um
communication path and makes it that
little bit harder
yeah and is that the two only two
channels that you can link up to at the
moment
so you can't put your website or
anything like that in there
yes so no links are clickable but uh i
want to quickly talk about the bio
because the bio is so freaking important
so
when you click on a room you jump in a
room you'll have your moderators up on
stage you'll have people
what i call the front row and that's
where people
uh some of the people who the speakers
follow will be in this little
sec middle section called um like people
who the speakers follow very creatively
and the rest of the people was like i'd
call like general admission
so as people are sitting in the rooms
watching it's it can be a bit
not boring but people love talking so
what they do is they click in on
people's photos and you can actually
look at
people's uh profiles but the first only
the first three lines show up for
someone's profile
so if you want to see more you have to
then sort of swipe to see the rest of
the profile then you can choose to
follow them as well if you want to
so the first three lines of your bio is
real estate gold so you're going to want
to make them
really clearly represent what you stand
for or who you are
and then you want to make a clickbaity
so people go oh this person's
got xyz or wow this person did xyz with
leonardo dicaprio whatever it is and
then so they end up swiping to
discover more and then hopefully give
you a follow great nice little set
okay so if someone's perhaps completely
new to clubhouse just like me
is there is there a strategy or such
that we can implement
or is it more do you think a case of we
just need to
get used to it get to grips with the
platform perhaps join in some rooms
perhaps listen in
and then start doing our own thing or
can we if we're already using linkedin
if we're already kind of posting content
and we already know our sector quite
well
and we're already used to providing
useful tips or value or
whatever it may be can we just jump in
and start doing it straight away or what
would you advise for someone that's new
to the platform
oh so i would say definitely don't jump
in and host a room straight away because
there's sort of almost like moderation
like moderatables
so if you're planning on using it to say
do lead gen
then i would listen in on a couple of
rooms listening on
rooms that where people are actually
giving tips on how to be a good
moderator or a clubhouse
listening on rooms that are giving you
tips on how to do well in clubhouse
and then jump into thought leadership
rooms so what could be a really good way
for you to get into it
is jump into rooms where you feel like
you've got expertise so for example you
could jump into a linkedin room
then there's a little hand in the corner
so you can click that and then they'll
bring you up on stage
now the funny thing to note is when you
get brought up on stage your microphone
is
automatically unmuted so do not be on
the toilet
because i think people have been called
out because they're like oh you're cool
i remember up on stage
i'll wait for my time to talk and
they're not on mute so i'm like
yeah no definitely um uh
so i would say that there's a lot of
little um
nuances to moderating so jump into a
room first
listen in jump into those how to be a
good moderator on clubhouse rooms
and then definitely start your own room
so say for example if you're going to be
moderating a room
uh it's very much like you're
controlling the flow and i'd probably
recommend
being starting a room with someone else
because not only do you have someone to
bounce off
especially the start if there's no one
tuning in but um also
it helps because that then their
audience will get notified that they're
starting a room too so you kind of get a
little bit of reach
and hopefully a bit of buzz when you
first start the room
and then when you're a moderator your
job is to really keep the conversation
flowing
so you're going to be directing the
conversation maybe bring a couple of
people up on stage asking them questions
opening the floor to the q a like to
people to ask questions
then you bring up the people from the
audience
but then people love waffling and i'm
look i'm i'm a waffle myself so i feel
like i can say that
but you need to just make sure that
you're giving them you know the chance
to ask a question because if you
give people a microphone they'll ask 20
questions and then people just
you know get up and leave the room
because it's boring so
you just have to make sure that you're
being polite and respectful
but you're getting people to you know
keep to a question keep the room flowing
because you're because it's
it's quite a tough job being a moderator
because you have to always be
on you can't just be half-assed working
and moderating like you've got to be
looking at the room
when people turn their little phone
microphone off mute it means like they
want to talk
if people are pressing their microphone
so the
the mute things flashing it means that
they're applauding
so you need to just be looking at what's
happening and reading the vibe of the
room so
moderation moderating takes a lot of
time so you can't just sit there and be
working and listening and jumping up on
stage when you want to
you're controlling the conversation
that's why full respect to people who
spend six hours like i was in a
uh a room i wasn't in for six hours but
this
um one of the moderators was modding
that room for six hours straight and she
did an amazing job like i don't even
know how she went to the bathroom i
don't want to know
but it was it was fantastic so there's a
lot of scope for you
because you've already you're already
authority on linkedin if you jumped
across
you've got that credibility instantly
already and actually something i do want
to say
is that um you can get really found out
on clubhouse
because if you think about it a lot of
stuff that we do on linkedin
other than lives is very much like
you're preparing it so you can just
research and pretend that you're an
expert on certain things
you can take time to respond to comments
and research answers but on clubhouse
people are asking you things
live so if you're not answering the
questions or you don't know how and look
you don't have to know the answer to
every question
but if you're saying you're a linkedin
expert and you don't even know the
basics
you will get found out so it's not a
platform where you can just
your way through anything that's a great
point
you can get put on the spot damn right
whereas compared to something that's
offline
it's um it's a lot more difficult like
you say you can do your research
beforehand interesting
okay so i think you've answered the
question in terms of the time investment
it can definitely take some time
especially if you're moderating rooms or
if you want to
kind of get well known but at the same
time i guess it's a booming it's a
growing platform
so if you do put in the time early then
i guess it can reap
its rewards long term um if you're if
you're one of the early adopters
do you think it's it's something that
you can see quick results on lisa or
just like we referred to linkedin
earlier do you think it's something
you're going to have to put in
a good few months of consistent effort
and really get people to trust that you
know what you're talking about around
your industry provide some real value
whether that's tips
whether that's educational insights
whether that's interviewing other
experts and then that's when the leads
will start to flow or do you think
because it is quite a new platform
you're more likely to get inquiries to
get business a bit quicker
interesting point because i think that
the benefit of clubhouse is that it has
well i guess the benefit of say someone
like us being on clubhouse is that
you can quickly go and see our linkedin
so say if we're talking about linkedin
you can go and go oh okay they've
already got x amount of followers
already they're posting every day i can
see their engagement
they look like they're a thought leader
whereas when you're starting up you
don't have that
i guess other platform sometimes to
leverage off to say yeah i'm a thought
leader in this space or i'm
awesome at this so it would actually
probably accelerate your sales strategy
or sales funnel because i can talk go in
and talk about linkedin
and then someone can just go onto my
linkedin and go oh yeah she sort of
knows what she's talking about she's got
x-men i followed there's social proof
there so
i've it's interesting i feel like you
can probably get results
quicker for some reason so
yeah it'd be interesting yeah no so you
can it sounds like you've got a
piggyback if you've got another
platform that you're doing okay on you
can reference to that and then people
can use that like you say
as the social proof um and how do you
think clubhouse stacks up
against more traditional methods like
podcasting
um well obviously we're recording this
live we'll produce it we'll edit it
we'll get it out on the podcast as we do
what what are your thoughts do you think
clubhouse is going to be more effective
because you've got that live you've got
that dynamic
fact that people are constantly coming
and going or do you think podcasting is
is probably still the better route
because it's more traditional it's got a
bigger fan base
look podca i think there's always going
to be a place for podcasting because
podcasting is actually very curated
content
i'm not going to like a lot of on
clubhouse
i'm like why am i wasting my time here
this person's really annoying they're
just talking about rubbish
so you so it's not like every room you
go into is going to be gold where if you
listen to your favorite podcast
or your favorite podcaster you pretty
much know i'm going to get some sort of
value from this i'm going to
enjoy this whereas you can sit in rooms
on clubhouse for hours
and just waste time and learn nothing so
i think that's the
the difference there like it's a lot
more um it's unedited it's just very
much quite raw
now the strength that clubhouse has over
say
other types of audio like podcasts or
audio books
is that it's conversational so you can
actually
talk and get access to amazing people
that you wouldn't otherwise get access
to so
i was actually i jumped into a room with
guy kawasaki he's like a
silicon valley legend you'd work with
steve jobs twice
and he was just going to ask me anything
i'm like okay cool i'll just jump in
there's not that many people in the room
so i jumped in had a chat with him and
then i got him on my podcast so he's
gonna
i'm gonna do an interview with him in a
couple of weeks but that was just from
jumping into
clubhouse and i wouldn't have otherwise
had the chance to talk to him so
i feel like there's huge opportunities
to actually talk directly to people that
you wouldn't otherwise
get access to and if you're looking to
grow then unfortunately you're going to
need to
jump in and actually start talking now
people always go and this is
exactly what i did they go oh there's
rooms with a thousand people and there
are 2 000 people i'm going to jump in
there and try and raise my hand and get
up on stage
and build my followers that way the
chances of getting up on stage in a room
with
this thousands of people is pretty much
slim to none unless you're
um you're famous or you've got a massive
following
and they can see that so i would start
off by jumping into smaller rooms
so it can be under 200 like i jump into
a room sometimes and there's like 50
people in the room so i know i'm pretty
sure i'm gonna get up on stage here
so i can talk and share my thoughts and
then
um you know hopefully give enough value
so that people want to follow you
so you know look at rooms that are under
300 200 people because
the chances are you're probably going to
get up on stage and be able to start
slowly building your following that way
that's a great tip so it sounds like a
bit of a strategy so start with the
smaller rooms
until you can perhaps build your
expertise build your credibility and
then build that trust element and then
over time you can
work your way up and i guess do the
moderators that are on the rooms
probably skim your profile and they say
they have a quick look at it and perhaps
see okay they've not got too many
followers just yet
we're not going to invite them to talk
if it is a massive room there is
thousands of people in there whereas
like yourself it's a bit smaller i guess
it raises your chances and you're more
likely to
get a chance to chat and that's just
something you can build up as you go
yes definitely and can i say because i
know that you're an apple user as well
obviously up on an iphone you should be
all all over this app because the
android users are gonna come
and we have an advantage now so i'd be
milking that
hardcore because they come that's a
whole lot more competition so
imagine if you were on linkedin and half
the competition wasn't there
like you'd be like this is freaking
awesome but then if you knew that
half like the half of people that are
linked now where they're almost going to
come you're like like i want to
take advantage of this opportunity
right now so if i was you i would be
building that audience building
credibility learning how to use the
platform
and then to be honest with you there's
so much appetite for clubhouse content
on linkedin at the moment because people
like what is it i don't know how to use
it so
i've been sharing content about my
clubhouse journey and because it's so
new everyone's like oh okay this is
really cool
i could because you can also establish
yourself as i know it sounds really meta
but you could be clubhouse expert on
linkedin and a linkedin expert on
clubhouse
so there's no no reason why you can't be
doing both
yeah and i mean just just to wrap things
up do you think
in terms of appreciate it still early um
how do you think it's going to stack up
as
a tool to actually generate business and
build credibility and ultimately get
get new business leads comparing it to
linkedin
comparing it to other channels whether
that's paid ads or inbound marketing
how do you think it stacks up compared
to those or is it too early to say
oh i think look they definitely need to
work out their
messaging functionality because at the
moment it's a bit funky because you need
to go off platform
message someone via instagram or twitter
and then continue
the conversation that way so oh actually
so sorry you can ping people into
private rooms if you want to so that's a
possibility
i personally think it's going to be
very useful for lead generation because
it's almost like
you know with linkedin i feel like it's
not a very salesy platform so yes people
like you and i post thought leadership
pieces we talk about
digital marketing or whatever we're
passionate about or general business but
we're really focused on giving
value and really just focusing on giving
great advice and i think with clubhouse
you don't have that luxury
of building up a bank of content like
you need to look like an expert and
almost sell yourself
every time you get the chance to talk
and you don't have to do it in a way
like come
work with me you know do a pitch every
single time but
there's a lot more pressure to show
value in every
conversation because there's no history
of any of the rooms that you've been in
and what you've said
like you know linkedin you can go and
have a look at your feed
and then you've got years of content
where it's like oh i can see sam posted
about this i post about this post about
this
on clubhouse there's nothing there's no
trail so in every piece of conversation
you need to deliver pieces of gold
otherwise people are going to engage
with you and follow you so every time
you're going in fresh
that's that's an interesting point so
yeah so you've really got to
like you say give that value try and
help people try and share something
useful
i suppose whereas linkedin you can get
away with the odd post or the
odd personal post whatever you want to
do
because you've got your profile there
you've got that foundation
and i'm good with it i post nonsense all
the time um
so that's an interesting point so
there's a bit more pressure to do it
well
but at the same time i suppose you can't
you can't be scared of starting it
because if you don't give it a good
trial you're never going to know if it's
if it's going to work for you or not
yes and actually that's a very fair
point like i was loitering on clubhouse
since the start of jan and i wasn't
really i was doing like a half-assed
effort i was going in a couple of rooms
every now and then i'm like yeah i'll
give it a go
that's not that good and then last week
i thought you know what just suck it up
and just just immerse yourself and see
how you go
and then i pretty much just wasted days
on clubhouse
so i'm very much all or nothing type
person so i'm like okay let's just go
all in
and see what kind of value you're going
to get so i'm going to try for the next
probably month or so just going all in
and seeing how it goes and then if i'm
feeling like okay i'm getting a return
then i'll go okay great i'll keep going
if not then i need to probably just stop
wasting literally every
waking second on what path perhaps we'll
have to get you back in lisa how you
made your first million on clubhouse and
we'll allow you what's the other secrets
yeah well people actually have and this
is obviously different for
you know lead generation but people do
get the chance to pitch to people and
have got investment through clubhouse
because it's giving us access to
investors which people otherwise
wouldn't have
so from that perspective it's pretty
game-changing i would say
definitely yeah i mean from what you've
shared with us so far it sounds
definitely like there's a way to
reach untapped audiences especially if
you can
do the strategy you've shared start with
smaller rooms
build your way up through that way
through that route and perhaps start
speaking to people you'd never normally
have the chance to have a conversation
with
which might be a lot more difficult on
flooded platforms like linkedin or
trying to connect with them on twitter
or instagram or via email
and because there's less there's less
noise and it sounds like it's a quicker
way to build up your profile and start
those conversations so that's really
interesting
all right good stuff so to wrap things
up lisa is there one tip one tip to rule
them all that people need to implement
right now
that's going to help their business on
clubhouse you bio
you got to get that on point so uh
because i mean
sometimes people will just look at your
um your profiles because they're bought
seen in room so you don't necessarily
have to
although it increases your chance but
your bio needs to be absolutely on point
and do not make it dry
i've seen some really boring dry bios no
one's reading that
so you need to make sure that you top
three lines real estate gold make sure
that that's amazing
and then just make sure the rest of it
makes people want to follow you or
connect with you so don't be afraid
don't be shy to talk about achievements
if you've won awards
put them in if you've made x amount of
revenue in x amount of years put that in
so
you know talk about your following this
isn't your time to be shy it's time to
just go hey this is
who i am and this is you know
effectively why you should follow me or
engage with me
got it so that's the part you really
want to sell yourself
and get that don't be shy
makes sense awesome lisa really enjoyed
the conversation thanks very much for
for coming on and sharing plenty of
useful clubhouse tips
and for anyone that wants to learn more
about yourself please do tell us how
they can connect with you
how they can do business with you and
get in touch woohoo
yes well thank you firstly so much for
having me i love talking about clubhouse
and i love talking about linkedin
but uh clubhouse has been my latest
obsession so thanks for giving me the
chance to have a chat about it
so if you want to uh contact me
you can find me on linkedin at least a
day you can also find my clubhouse
at least tay uh surprise surprise um
so and if you want to do if you need
help with digital marketing or need
advice
i obviously run kodi agency which is my
agency in melbourne
and i also am about to launch the beta
version of our mentoring platform
called listening which is lis nic.com
now that's going to be a platform that
connects mentors with mentees
all around the world because personally
as someone who
runs a few businesses and has started
businesses
it's really freaking hard so if you can
get yourself a mentor whether
it's someone who can help you accelerate
your career it's someone who can help
you with your business it's someone who
can help you become mentally stronger
then go and find them and you know from
my perspective i think a lot of people
find it quite hard to find a mentor
so what listnick is going to do is allow
people to list a job
you can post your budget so if you're a
mentee you can post what you're looking
for
and then you can get connected with the
mentor anywhere around the world
and then you can run all the sessions
your mentoring sessions through the
platform so
it's gonna be similar-ish type open
marketplace select freelancer
but um yeah we hope it changes the game
in that mentoring space and helps
and help and we hope it helps more
people get access to mentorship
awesome stuff we'll link to all of that
over the episode show notes
all those links will be on business
growth dot marketing
and with that i want to thank you once
again for coming on lisa really enjoyed
the chat
woohoo thank you so much for having me
i'm looking forward to seeing you on
clubhouse
i will have to get on there soon that's
for sure no worries so if you enjoy the
show
be sure to hit subscribe to business
grove show wherever the heck you get
your podcast from we interview business
leaders each and every week to provide
actionable tips
across marketing sales all the focus to
help you grow
your business and with that we'll catch
you on the next episode